OADP-666: Correct a log error in OADP Troubleshooting (#49335)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-restic-issues.adoc

[id="restic-permission-error-nfs-root-squash-enabled_{context}"]
== Restic permission error for NFS data volumes with root_squash enabled

> The `Restic` pod log displays the error message: `controller=pod-volume-backup error="fork/exec/usr/bin/restic: permission denied"

Reviewer: Technically this should still have a period at the end of the sentence. But more importantly, it has a mismatching backtick

```suggestion
The `Restic` pod log displays the error message: `controller=pod-volume-backup error="fork/exec/usr/bin/restic: permission denied"`.
```

Author: Fixed.

Author: Nice catch -- not in my PR, so I'm glad you read the whole file.

[id="restic-backup-cannot-be-recreated-after-s3-bucket-emptied_{context}"]
== Restic Backup CR cannot be recreated after bucket is emptied

If you create a Restic `Backup` CR for a namespace, empty the object storage bucket, and then recreate the `Backup` CR for the same namespace, the recreated `Backup` CR fails.

> The `velero` pod log displays the following error message: `stderr=Fatal: unable to open config file: Stat: The specified key does not exist.\nIs there a repository at the following location?`

Reviewer: Same here about the period at the end

```suggestion
The `velero` pod log displays the following error message: `stderr=Fatal: unable to open config file: Stat: The specified key does not exist.\nIs there a repository at the following location?`.
```

Author: Fixed.

.Cause

Velero does not recreate or update the Restic repository from the `ResticRepository` manifest if the Restic directories are deleted from object storage. See link:https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/4421[Velero issue 4421] for more information.

.Solution

* Remove the related Restic repository from the namespace by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc delete resticrepository openshift-adp <name-of-the-restic-repository>

Reviewer: Not critical, but the replaceable value format uses underscores:

```suggestion
$ oc delete resticrepository openshift-adp <restic_repository_name>
```

[id="restic-backup-cannot-be-recreated-after-s3-bucket-emptied_{context}"]

> == Restic Backup CR cannot be recreated after bucket is emptied

Reviewer 2: Inconsistent hyphenation in header and text: `recreate` vs `re-create`

I think (but not 100% positive) the IGS discourages hyphens unless they are required for clarity. In this case, 'recreate' is sufficiently clear.

> If you create a Restic `Backup` CR for a namespace, empty the object storage/bucket, and then re-create the `Backup` CR for the same namespace, the re-created `Backup` CR fails.

Reviewer 2: "object storage/bucket" - Does this mean "object storage bucket" or "object storage or bucket"? 

Slashes can cause localization problems. because their meaning is ambiguous.

The `velero` pod log displays the following error message: `stderr=Fatal: unable to open config file: Stat: The specified key does not exist.\nIs there a repository at the following location?`

.Cause

> Velero does not re-create or update the Restic repository from the `ResticRepository` manifest if the Restic directories are deleted from object storage. For more information, see link:https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/4421[Velero issue 4421].

Reviewer 2: Very small nit but useful to know. OCP generally uses this wording: See (link) for more information/details/whatever. 

It puts the most important part of the sentence at the beginning. It's a small change but it improves usability.

> Velero does not re-create or update the Restic repository from the `ResticRepository` manifest if the Restic directories are deleted from object storage. For more information, see (link:https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/4421[Velero issue 4421]).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Velero does not re-create or update the Restic repository from the `ResticRepository` manifest if the Restic directories are deleted from object storage. For more information, see link:https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/4421[Velero issue 4421].
```

.Solution

> * Remove the related Resitc repository from the namespace by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: typo

+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc delete resticrepository openshift-adp <name-of-the-restic-repository>

Reviewer 3: @RichardHoch, oops, forget this needs a prompt. Probably: `$`

> oc delete resticrepository openshift-adp <name-of-the-restic-repository>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
$ oc delete resticrepository openshift-adp <name-of-the-restic-repository>
```

----
+

> In the following error log, `mysql-persistent` is the problematic Restic repository. The name of the repsoitory appears in talics for clarity.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the following error log, `mysql-persistent` is the problematic Restic repository. The name of the repository appears in italics for clarity.
```

> In the following error log, `mysql-persistent` is the problematic Restic repository. The name of the repsoitory appears in talics for clarity.

Reviewer 3: @RichardHoch I highly recommend a spell checker for your editor. If it's VSCode, I use this one: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker

Author: @jboxman-rh I made the changes you suggested and reactivated my spell checker, which was deactivated for reasons unknown to me. Please recheck this PR.

> For example, for this error log, `mysql-persistent` is the problematic Restic repository. The name of the repsoitory appears in talics for clarity.

Reviewer 3: @RichardHoch, I might say

> in the following error log

instead, as it is a bit more specific.

[id="restic-backup-cannot-be-recreated-after-s3-bucket-emptied_{context}"]
== Restic Backup CR cannot be recreated after bucket is emptied

> If you create a Restic `Backup` CR for a namespace, empty the object storage/bucket, and then recreate the `Backup` CR for the same namespace, the recreated `Backup` CR fails.

Reviewer 4: @RichardHoch 
Change 'recreate' to 're-create' and 'recreated' - to 're-created'.

> The `velero` pod log displays the error message, `stderr=Fatal: unable to open config file: Stat: The specified key does not exist.\nIs there a repository at the following location?`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `velero` pod log displays the following error message: `stderr=Fatal: unable to open config file: Stat: The specified key does not exist.\nIs there a repository at the following location?`
```

.Cause

> Velero does not re-create or update the Restic repository from the `ResticRepository` manifest if the Restic directories are deleted on object storage. See (link:https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/4421[Velero issue 4421]) for details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Velero does not re-create or update the Restic repository from the `ResticRepository` manifest if the Restic directories are deleted from object storage. For more information, see (link:https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/4421[Velero issue 4421]).
```

.Solution

> * Remove the related resitc repository on the namespace by running he following command:

Reviewer 4: @RichardHoch 
Restic
"...the following..."

> * Remove the related Resitc repository on the namespace by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Remove the related Resitc repository from the namespace by running the following command:
```

+

> [source, terminal]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
```

----

> oc delete resticrepository openshift-adp <name-of-the-restic-repository>`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
oc delete resticrepository openshift-adp <name-of-the-restic-repository>
```

----

> The name of the Resitc repository can be inferred from the error log.

Reviewer 3: With Asciidoc we can get these passages included as part of the procedure itself:

```
[source,terminal]
----
...
----
+
--
For example, ...

[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,verbatim"]
----
...
----
--
```

And all will be part of the single bullet _step_. Specifically, this creates an anonymous block and attaches it with `+` to the previous content block.

Author: That's cool.

> For example, for this error log, `mysql-persistent` is the problematic restic repoxitory (italics added for clarity):

Reviewer 4: @RichardHoch 
"...Restic repoSitory..."

> For example, for this error log, `mysql-persistent` is the problematic Restic repository (italics added for clarity):

Reviewer 3: We generally avoid parenthetical statements; can we rephrase?

> [options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,verbatim"]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[source,text,options="nowrap",subs="+quotes,verbatim"]
```

> [options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,verbatim"]

Reviewer 3: I don't think this needs any extra options? Was it not rendering without this? This is for the italics to work?

Author: @jboxman -- yes, it was for the italics to work. See https://source.redhat.com/groups/public/ccs/ccs_blog/asciidoc_workarounds by @apinnick

> If you create a Restic `Backup` CR for a namespace, empty the S3 bucket, and then recreate the `Backup` CR for the same namespace, the recreated `Backup` CR fails.

Reviewer 5: please use object storage/bucket instead of S3
